Add link to the "Writing a Channels Client" how-to guide (#5744)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/real_time/channels.md

### Client Libraries

Any networked device can connect to Phoenix Channels as long as it has a client library.

> The following libraries exist today, and new ones are always welcome; to write your own, see our how-to guide [Writing a Channels Client](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/writing_a_channels_client.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following libraries exist today, and new ones are always welcome; to write your own, see our how-to guide [Writing a Channels Client](writing_a_channels_client.md).
```
